ImageScanner
============

Scans images for AI parameters and other metadata.

# <@1275521742961508432>scanset
Owner command to manage image scanner settings.<br/>
 - Usage: `<@1275521742961508432>scanset`
 - Restricted to: `BOT_OWNER`


## <@1275521742961508432>scanset civitai
Toggles whether images should look for models on Civitai.<br/>
 - Usage: `<@1275521742961508432>scanset civitai`


## <@1275521742961508432>scanset channel
Owner command to manage channels where images are scanned.<br/>
 - Usage: `<@1275521742961508432>scanset channel`


### <@1275521742961508432>scanset channel remove
Remove a list of channels from the scan list.<br/>
 - Usage: `<@1275521742961508432>scanset channel remove <channels>`
Extended Arg Info
> ### channels: str
> ```
> A single word, if not using slash and multiple words are necessary use a quote e.g "Hello world".
> ```


### <@1275521742961508432>scanset channel add
Add a list of channels by ID to the scan list.<br/>
 - Usage: `<@1275521742961508432>scanset channel add <channels>`
Extended Arg Info
> ### channels: str
> ```
> A single word, if not using slash and multiple words are necessary use a quote e.g "Hello world".
> ```


### <@1275521742961508432>scanset channel list
Show all channels in the scan list.<br/>
 - Usage: `<@1275521742961508432>scanset channel list`


## <@1275521742961508432>scanset cache
How many images to cache in memory.<br/>
 - Usage: `<@1275521742961508432>scanset cache <size>`
Extended Arg Info
> ### size: Optional[int]
> ```
> A number without decimal places.
> ```


## <@1275521742961508432>scanset scangenerated
Toggles always scanning images generated by the bot itself, regardless of channel whitelisting in ImageScanner.<br/>
 - Usage: `<@1275521742961508432>scanset scangenerated`


## <@1275521742961508432>scanset civitaiemoji
Add your own Civitai custom emoji with this command.<br/>
 - Usage: `<@1275521742961508432>scanset civitaiemoji <emoji>`
Extended Arg Info
> ### emoji: Optional[discord.emoji.Emoji]
> 
> 
>     1. Lookup by ID.
>     2. Lookup by extracting ID from the emoji.
>     3. Lookup by name
> 
>     


## <@1275521742961508432>scanset maxsize
Views or set the filesize limit for scanned images in MB.<br/>
 - Usage: `<@1275521742961508432>scanset maxsize <newlimit>`
Extended Arg Info
> ### newlimit: Optional[int]
> ```
> A number without decimal places.
> ```


## <@1275521742961508432>scanset attachimages
Toggles whether images sent in DMs will be attached or linked.<br/>
 - Usage: `<@1275521742961508432>scanset attachimages`


